dbt-materialize: check and document connection parameters (#15756)
MaterializeInc/materialize: misc/dbt-materialize/CHANGELOG.md

# dbt-materialize Changelog

## Unreleased - 2022-10-28

> * Return the correct connection keys to the user on `dbt debug`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `cluster` to the connection parameters returned on `dbt debug`.
```

Reviewer: Didn't we simply not return the `cluster` parameter? As in, there wasn't anything "wrong" with what was returned, we just added a Materialize-specific connection parameter.

```nofmt
Connection:
  host: materialized
  port: 6875
  user: materialize
  database: materialize
  schema: public
  search_path: None
  keepalives_idle: 0
  sslmode: None
  Connection test: [OK connection ok]
```

Author: Correct, nothing wrong, just bringing through the other parameters that we grab from dbt-postgres.

Reviewer: Approved the PR, but would still adjust the changelog!

Author: Adjusted in release PR.

> * Fail on index creation if the index already exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I don't think this needs a note, since it's expected behavior (IIRC, we also changed it for views before and didn't include it in the changelog).
